feat(levm): run samply and flamegraph on ef_tests (#1583)
lambdaclass/ethrex: crates/vm/levm/README.md

To run the project's tests, do `make download-evm-ef-tests run-evm-ef-tests`.

Run `make help` to see available commands

> ### Performance metrics
> #### To run Flamegraph on the Ethereum Fundation tests
> 
> First install Flamegraph
> ```Shell
> cargo install flamegraph
> ```
> 
> Run the tests
> ```Shell
> make flamegraph-run-ef-tests
> ```
> 
> This will create a folder inside `cmd/ef_tests/levm/` named `levm_ef_test_perfgraphs` you can find the flamegraphs inside the folder `levm_ef_test_perfgraphs/flamegraph` open them with your preferred browser.
> 
> #### To run Samply on the Ethereum Fundation tests
> 
> First install Samply
> ```Shell
> cargo install --locked samply
> ```
> 
> Run the tests
> ```Shell
> make samply-run-ef-tests
> ```
> 
> This will create a folder inside `cmd/ef_tests/levm/` named `levm_ef_test_perfgraphs` you can find the flamegraphs inside the folder `levm_ef_test_perfgraphs/samply` run
> ```Shell
> samply load <path-to-perf-file.json>
> ```
> samply will open Firefox with the desired profile file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Performance metrics

### To run Flamegraph on the Ethereum Foundation tests

First, install Flamegraph
```Shell
cargo install flamegraph
```

Run the tests
```Shell
make flamegraph-run-ef-tests
```

This will create a folder inside `cmd/ef_tests/levm/` named `levm_ef_test_perfgraphs` you can find the flamegraphs inside the folder `levm_ef_test_perfgraphs/flamegraph` open them with your preferred browser.

### To run Samply on the Ethereum Foundation tests

First install Samply
```Shell
cargo install --locked samply
```

Run the tests
```Shell
make samply-run-ef-tests
```

This will create a folder inside `cmd/ef_tests/levm/` named `levm_ef_test_perfgraphs` you can find the flamegraphs inside the folder `levm_ef_test_perfgraphs/samply` run
```Shell
samply load <path-to-perf-file.json>
```
samply will open Firefox with the desired profile file.
```
